README (#69)
Klebert-Engineering/zserio-cpp-introspection: README.md

```sh
  ################################################
  ##              ###                            ##
  ##             ##                              ##
  #######       ##      ##       ##     ###     ##
      ##       ##        #########     ##      ##
     ##       ##               ##           ###
    ##        #######         ##           ##
   ##               ##       ##             ##
  ##                       ###      ###      ##
  ##################################  #########

     Z S E R I O  C + +  R E F L E C T I O N
```

# About

Zsr provides a c++ runtime reflection layer for [zserio](https://github.com/ndsev/zserio) generated c++ modules.

# Building

```sh
mkdir build && cd build
cmake -DZSERIO_RT_DIR=<path/to/zserio/compiler/extensions/cpp/runtime/src> ..
cmake --build .
```

```sh
ctest .
```

# Usage

## CMake

In your CMake project, call the `add_zserio_module` function to generate and
build a zserio c++ module with reflection metadata.

```cmake

> add_zserio_module(<module-name>

Reviewer: No mention of the necessary `import` or `CMAKE_MODULE_PATH` extension calls...

    ROOT <zserio module source root>
    ENTRY <entrypoint zserio source. e.G. "main.zs">
    TOP_LEVEL_PKG <optional: top level package name>)
```

> This will create two CMake targets `<module-name>` and `<module-name>-reflection` (the later links the first).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create two CMake targets `<module-name>` and `<module-name>-reflection`, the latter linking to the former.
```

To link against the generated zserio module, just link against `<module-name>-reflection`

## Reflection

Zsr stores its top-level reflection metadata in a global list that can be accessed by calling `zsr::packages()`.
Metadata types and their hiararchy can be found in [runtime/zsr/types.hpp](./runtime/zsr/types.hpp).

> There are various utility functions for finding metadata by name: `zsr::find<...>(...)` which take a list of packages to

Reviewer: This reads a bit weird: "Various utility functions: One function explicitely named, then a list of headers". Might be better to list all of the utility functions nested under their respective headers... 🤔

Reviewer: I think `find` can also take a bit more explanation. Which meta-types can be found, how can they be used....

search the requested data in.
See:
* [runtime/zsr/find.hpp](./runtime/zsr/find.hpp) – Functions for finding and resolving types
* [runtime/zsr/getset.hpp](./runtime/zsr/getset.hpp) – Functions for getting and setting nested fields
* [runtime/zsr/introspectable-json.hpp](./runtime/introspectable-json.hpp) – JSON export

Usage example:

```c++
#include "zsr/reflection-main.hpp"     /* Metadata root */
#include "zsr/find.hpp"                /* Find utilities */
#include "zsr/getset.hpp"              /* Get/set utilities */
#include "zsr/introspectable-json.hpp" /* JSON export */

...

/* Finding a compound named "Test" */
auto compound = zsr::find<zsr::Compound>(zsr::packages(), "Test");

/* Finding field "a" of compound "A" */
auto field = zsr::find<zsr::Field>(zsr::packages(), "A.a");

/* Instantiate compound "Test" */

> auto instance = compound->alloc();

Reviewer: For the sake 🍶 of simplicity, I would prefer `zsr::make` to be used here. I would leave the fact that `zsr::Compound` supports low-level alloc to a different example. Also, I think we should give an example of how initialization parameters can be passed into alloc.
